README.md, before:

#gcvspline

Python wrapper of the gcv-spl Fortran library gcvspl.f, created by H.J. Woltring.

Reference: Woltring, 1986, A FORTRAN package for generalized, cross-validatory spline smoothing and differentiation. Adv. Eng. Softw. 8:104-113. 

Wrapped by Charles Le Losq, Research Fellow at the Australian National University (RSES)

contact: charles.lelosq@anu.edu.au

## Licence information

The gcvspline wrapper is provided under a GNU GPL2 licence, however please take into account the Licence header in gcvspl.f for full licence information:

From the header of gcvspl.f:

"(C) COPYRIGHT 1985, 1986: H.J. Woltring
This software is copyrighted, and may be  copied  for  exercise,
study  and  use  without authorization from the copyright owner(s), in
compliance with paragraph 16b of  the  Dutch  Copyright  Act  of  1912
("Auteurswet  1912").  Within the constraints of this legislation, all
forms of academic and research-oriented excercise, study, and use  are
allowed,  including  any  necessary modifications.  Copying and use as
object for commercial exploitation are not allowed without  permission
of  the  copyright owners, including those upon whose work the package
is based."

## Disclaimer

gcvspline.py is provided as is, use at your own risks.

## Requirements

numpy >= 1.12.1 (due to a f2py bug in 1.12.0)

## Installation

pip install .

## Documentation

Commit message:

Modifications in README.md and MANIFST.in, tagged release 0.3 in setup.py

README.md, after:

# gcvspline

Python wrapper of the gcv-spl Fortran library gcvspl.f, created by H.J. Woltring.

Reference: Woltring, 1986, A FORTRAN package for generalized, cross-validatory spline smoothing and differentiation. Adv. Eng. Softw. 8:104-113. 

Contributors:

Charles Le Losq, the Australian National University (RSES), Canberra.

Yu Feng, University of California, Berkeley.

contact: charles.lelosq@anu.edu.au or yfeng1@berkeley.edu

## Licence information

The gcvspline wrapper is provided under a GNU GPL2 licence, however please take into account the Licence header in gcvspl.f for full licence information:

From the header of gcvspl.f:

"(C) COPYRIGHT 1985, 1986: H.J. Woltring
This software is copyrighted, and may be  copied  for  exercise,
study  and  use  without authorization from the copyright owner(s), in
compliance with paragraph 16b of  the  Dutch  Copyright  Act  of  1912
("Auteurswet  1912").  Within the constraints of this legislation, all
forms of academic and research-oriented excercise, study, and use  are
allowed,  including  any  necessary modifications.  Copying and use as
object for commercial exploitation are not allowed without  permission
of  the  copyright owners, including those upon whose work the package
is based."

## Disclaimer

gcvspline.py is provided as is, use at your own risks.

## Requirements

numpy >= 1.12.1 (due to a f2py bug in 1.12.0)

## Installation

pip install . or pip install gcvspline to get the latest tagged version.

## Documentation

Documentation is in progress. A scipy-like interface will be provided.
